updates to CI java http server tutorial (#182)
harness/developer-hub: tutorials/build-code/ci-java-http-server.md

   ```
3. When you are prompted to select a repository, search for **jhttp**, select the repository that you forked in the earlier step, and then select **Configure Pipeline**.
4. Select **Starter Pipeline**, and then select **Create Pipeline**.

### Docker Hub connector

You will need a [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/) connector. This connector will be used to authenticate and publish the Java HTTP server image to your Docker Hub account.

If you have not created a Docker Hub connector yet, follow these steps.

<details><summary>Create connector</summary>
<p>

```mdx-code-block
import DockerHubConnector from '/tutorials/shared/dockerhub-connector-includes.md';
```

<DockerHubConnector />

</p>
</details>

:::info

Your connector needs an access token with **Read, Write, Delete** permissions.

:::

> ### Modify pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modify the pipeline
```

> Select **Pipelines** from the menu on the left, then select your **jhttp** pipeline from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the left pane, select **Pipelines**, and then select your **jhttp** pipeline from the list.
```

                      until curl --max-time 1 http://localhost:8888; do
                        sleep 2;
                      done
```

:::info

> This configuration expects the Docker Hub connector ID to be `Docker_Hub`. If your connector ID is different, replace `Docker_Hub` with the correct ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration requires the Docker Hub connector ID to be `Docker_Hub`. If your connector ID is different, replace `Docker_Hub` with the correct ID.
```

:::

> Click the **Save** button in the YAML editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select **Save** in the YAML editor.
```

## Run your pipeline

1. In the **Pipeline Studio**, select **Run**.
2. Enter your Docker Hub username in the `DOCKERHUB_USERNAME` field.

> 2. Select **Git Branch** as the **Build Type**, and then enter `main` in the **Branch Name** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Build Type** field, select **Git Branch**, and then enter **main** in the **Branch Name** field.
```

3. Select **Run Pipeline**.

> 4. Observe each step of the pipeline execution. When the first stage completes, test results appear in the **Tests** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Observe each step of the pipeline execution. When the first stage completes, test results appear on the **Tests** tab.
```
